docs: DOC-2790 + DOC-2796: Release Notes + Known Issues (#10511)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/integrations/cni-azure.mdx

:::warning

> - Make sure to use Azure CNI with the Windows Operating System as the kubenet CNI is not available for the Windows

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Make sure to use Azure CNI with the Windows OS as the kubenet CNI is not available for the Windows
```

Author: She always catches the old ones 👵

environment.

> - Windows node pools are not supported for AKS clusters using a Cilium network dataplane (when `networkDataplane: cilium` is set in the Azure CNI pack values). Users requiring Cilium must select an **OS Type** of **Linux** when deploying node pools.

Author: ```suggestion
- Windows node pools are not supported for AKS clusters using a Cilium network data plane (when `networkDataplane: cilium` is set in the Azure CNI pack values). Users requiring Cilium must select an **OS Type** of **Linux** when deploying node pools.
```
